com/example/passivedata/MainModule_ProvideDataStoreFactory.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainModule_ProvideDataStoreFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_MainModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_MainModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_PassiveDataReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_PassiveDataReceiver_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_passivedata_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_passivedata_MainApplication
com/example/passivedata/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/passivedata/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/passivedata/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/passivedata/MainModule_ProvideHealthServicesClientFactory.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainModule_ProvideHealthServicesClientFactory
com/example/passivedata/PassiveDataReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.PassiveDataReceiver_GeneratedInjector
com/example/passivedata/HealthServicesManager_Factory.java
 com.example.passivedata.HealthServicesManager_Factory
com/example/passivedata/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/passivedata/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.passivedata.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/passivedata/StartupReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.StartupReceiver_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/passivedata/PassiveDataRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.passivedata.PassiveDataRepository_Factory
com/example/passivedata/PassiveDataReceiver_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.PassiveDataReceiver_MembersInjector
com/example/passivedata/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/passivedata/MainApplication_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_MembersInjector
com/example/passivedata/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_MainApplication$1
com/example/passivedata/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_passivedata_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_passivedata_MainApplication
com/example/passivedata/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.passivedata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_StartupReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_StartupReceiver_GeneratedInjector
com/example/passivedata/RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.passivedata.RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_AssistedFactory
com/example/passivedata/Hilt_PassiveDataReceiver.java
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_PassiveDataReceiver
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_passivedata_RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_HiltModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_passivedata_RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_HiltModule
com/example/passivedata/Hilt_StartupReceiver.java
 com.example.passivedata.Hilt_StartupReceiver
com/example/passivedata/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.passivedata.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/passivedata/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.passivedata.BuildConfig
com/example/passivedata/RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl.java
 com.example.passivedata.RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl
com/example/passivedata/MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.passivedata.MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/passivedata/StartupReceiver_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.passivedata.StartupReceiver_MembersInjector
com/example/passivedata/RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_HiltModule.java
 com.example.passivedata.RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_HiltModule
com/example/passivedata/RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_Factory.java
 com.example.passivedata.RegisterForBackgroundDataWorker_Factory
